feature(Plugins/Opensource): Update docs for all open source plugins (#2328)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/configuration/type_ahead_urls.adoc

[[typeahead_urls]]
== `typeahead_urls`

> This option allows to disable the type ahead url field feature.

Reviewer: This doesn't make sense? I think instead `disable` should have been changed to `disabling`:
```suggestion
This option allows disabling the type ahead url field feature.
```
